We would now like to introduce you to Sister Taerumi Ugura.
This Japanese sister left a promising international career
to instead give of her energy to the true God.
A road for racing.
Bicycle racing against my rivals down a road.
A road I traveled just for myself.
That was my life course.
I started road bicycle racing when I was a university student.
I won practically every race in Japan.
I won the Japan National Championship twice
and even participated in the Asian Games in the 1988 solo Olympics.
Of course I was always happy when I won,
but that happiness didn't last very long.
Every time I won a race, I would be expected to win the next one
and I was overwhelmed with tremendous pressure.
That frightened me, so I immersed myself in training.
Train, race, train, race.
I was racing down a road with no end in sight.
After the solo Olympics, I was devoted to practice.
It was then that my younger sister, Rie,
who had become one of Jehovah's Witnesses,
gave me the happiness book.
I really agreed with what that book said.
In 1989, I started to study the Bible seriously.
Even so, I just wasn't able to believe in the existence of a creator,
so I studied the creation book.
When I read about the structure of bird's wings,
my eyes were opened.
I thought, there is a creator.
The creator made this.
When I was convinced of the existence of the creator,
I was able to understand the purpose of life.
It's just as Ecclesiastes 12 says.
The purpose of life is to know the creator and live for him.
I was so relieved.
In 1991, I dedicated my life to Jehovah
and started on the creator's road.
The following year, I started pioneering.
And my sister and I moved to a congregation where the need was greater.
But later, I was found to have kidney cancer.
And in 2005, I had to quit pioneering after 13 wonderful years.
I was really discouraged.
I could no longer do the things I had always done,
and it was difficult to keep myself respect.
However, at that time, timely publications
and encouragement from the elders gave me good support,
so I tried to find joy in what I could do.
Later, I got my strength back to some extent,
and I started pioneering again in 2012.
I was overjoyed to attend Pioneer Service School again.
Jehovah really helped me to continue on this road.
In this system, we think we have a lot of time in our lives,
but in reality, we don't.
People should live thinking about what is really important in life
in the time they have.
Of course, we can learn from the things we experience.
But the wise course is to learn from the truth
and from our relationship with our creator.
I really want young people to learn that lesson.
The road with real value is not the one we take for ourselves.
It is the road we take for the creator.